hey guys so how many of you guys have
large pores I do mostly my large pores
are in this area which is common I have
a lot right here a lot on my nose and
just a little bit on this side I spent a
lot of money on drugstore products and
they didn't really do anything for me
but did you know that there is a product
in your kitchen that can help minimize
pores really yes so I'm pretty sure a
lot of you guys have baking soda in your
kitchen
the great thing with baking soda is you
know you can put it in your fridge to
eliminate smells orders this can be used
to bake like big cookies this can also
help
um whiten teeth um put a little bit on
your toothpaste before you brush your
teeth and this can help minimize pores I
want to show you guys how it's done and
don't get scared of my no makeup face
you